------- help information -------
1. label_info
1) left mouse double click: open the questions file

2. label_question
1) left mouse double click: if answer files exists, go to it, else create it and then open it!
2) mousewheel double click: delete the question in the js_var!
3) right mouse double click: save the question to the review topic!
4) mouse wheel: up: equal to the button previous; down: equal to the button next!

3. the button:
1) ENT: add the occur and renew the score!
2) <|: previous question.
3) |>: next question.
4) R|>: random next question.
5) AN: go to answer file if there is answer, otherwise add the * before the question!
6) RV: review, change to the review topic!
7) H : help button.
8) RS: reset, after you choose the topic combox, you can push the reset button.
9) RL: reload, reload the questions into the js_var, renew the json file!

4. combox
1) SC: the score, you can set the question's score that means how deeply you master the question!
2) ot: occur threshold, occur num less equal to this value will show!
3) st: score threshold, questions with score the less equal to this value will show!

5. time label: to show the time you use, it will reset when you see the next question!
1) left single click: switch the stop and the usage time!
2) right single click: change to show the clock time!
3) mouse wheel click: pop the message dialog to get the minute that you want to stop the time!
4) mouse wheel(just in the stop_time mode make sense): up:  +5mins; down: -5mins;

6. topic label:
1) left single click is equal to press the RS button!
2) mouse wheel double click: pop the simple dialog that you can input the string, then the string will be
executed as the python statement. for example: self.js_var.pop("xxxx") or self.js_var["xxx"].pop("hhh").
if the command has the "js_var" key words, then the method self.saveJsvar() will be executed after running
the command!
3) single right click is jumping to the git mind's everyday plan!